I Lab U Privacy Policy
This privacy policy will explain how I Lab U uses the personal data we collect from you when you use our website.
Topics:
    - What data do we collect?
    - How do we collect your data?
    - How will we use your data?
    - How do we store your data?
    - Marketing
    - What are your data protection rights?
    - Privacy policies of other websites
    - Changes to our privacy policy
    - How to contact us
    - How to contact the appropriate authorities
What data do we collect?
I Lab U collects the following data:
    - Email address
    - Questionnaire answers on some demographics (voluntary) and science interests (compulsory)
How do we collect your data?
You directly provide I Lab U with most of the data we collect. We collect data and process data when you:
    - Register online
    - Voluntarily complete a customer survey or provide feedback on any of our message boards or via email.
How will we use your data?
I Lab U collects your data so that we can:
    - Invite you to our events
    - Produce scientific research based on the data you provided
    - Email you our newsletter
How do we store your data?
I Lab U securely stores your data on a Erasmus MC secured server
I Lab U will keep your personal data for 4 years or until publication. Once this time period has expired, we will delete your data.
Marketing
I Lab U would like to send you information in form of invites and newsletter if you subscribe to it. 
If you have agreed to receive marketing, you may always opt out at a later date.
You have the right at any time to stop I Lab U from contacting you for marketing purposes.
What are your data protection rights?
I Lab U would like to make sure you are fully aware of all of your data protection rights. Every user is entitled to the following:
The right to access – You have the right to request I Lab U for copies of your personal data. 
The right to rectification – You have the right to request that I Lab U corrects any information you believe is inaccurate. You also have the right to request I Lab U to complete the information you believe is incomplete.
The right to erasure – You have the right to request that I Lab U erase your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to restrict processing – You have the right to request that I Lab U restrict the processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to object to processing – You have the right to object to I Lab U’s processing of your personal data, under certain conditions.
The right to data portability – You have the right to request that I Lab U transfers the data that we have collected to another organization, or directly to you, under certain conditions.
If you make a request, we have one month to respond to you. If you would like to exercise any of these rights, please contact us at our email: ilabu@erasmusmc.nl
Privacy policies of other websites
The I Lab U website contains links to other websites. Our privacy policy applies only to our website, so if you click on a link to another website, you should read their privacy policy.
Changes to our privacy policy
I Lab U keeps its privacy policy under regular review and places any updates on this web page. This privacy policy was last updated on 11 November 2019.
How to contact us
If you have any questions about I Lab U’s privacy policy, the data we hold on you, or you would like to exercise one of your data protection rights, please do not hesitate to contact us.
Email us at: ilabu@erasmusmc.nl
How to contact the appropriate authority
Should you wish to report a complaint or if you feel that I Lab U has not addressed your concern in a satisfactory manner, you may contact the Information Dutch Data Protection Authority.
Postal address
Autoriteit Persoonsgegevens
PO Box 93374
2509 AJ DEN HAAG

Telephone
Telephone number: (+31) - (0)70 - 888 85 00
Fax: (+31) - (0)70 - 888 85 01  

ILabU
